Update the websockets example (#125)
JuliaWeb/Mux.jl: README.md

## Integrate with WebSocket

You can easily integrate a general HTTP server and a WebSocket server with Mux.

> To do so, define two apps, one for regular HTTP requests, another will handle WebSocket connections.

Author: ```suggestion
To do so, define two apps, one for regular HTTP requests, and another that will handle WebSocket connections.
```

Here is a complete example:

```
using Mux

# HTTP Server
@app h = (
    Mux.defaults,
    page("/", respond("<h1>Hello World!</h1>")),
    Mux.notfound());

# WebSocket server
@app w = (
    Mux.wdefaults,
    route("/ws_io", websocket_example),
    Mux.wclose,
    Mux.notfound());

function websocket_example(x)
    sock = x[:socket]
    while !eof(sock)
        str = String(read(sock))
        println("Received data: " * str)
        write(sock, "Hey, I've received " * str)
    end
end

# Serve both servers on the same port.
serve(h, w, 2333)
```

And finally, run a client, optionally in another process:

```
import Mux.WebSockets

WebSockets.open("ws://localhost:2333/ws_io") do ws
    write(ws, "Hello World!")
    data = read(ws)
    println(stderr, ws, " received: ", String(data))
end;
```

> Now, if you run both programs, you'll see a `Hello World` message, as the

Author: ```suggestion
Now, if you run both programs, you'll see two `Hello World` messages, as the
```
